README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="/bot_snoo.png" width="150" alt="Reddit bot list"/>
  <br>
  <br>
</p>
<p align="center">🤖 A list of Reddit bots</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribution guide</a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Reddit Bot List</h1>
  
## Contents

- [Image/GIF/Video manipulation](#imagegifvideo-manipulation)
- [Joke Response](#joke-response)
- [Utility](#utility)

## Image/GIF/Video Manipulation

- [/u/stabbot](Bots/stabbot.md)  [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/stabbot)- A Reddit bot that stabilizes videos
- [/u/stabbot_crop](Bots/stabbot_crop.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/stabbot_crop) - A Reddit bot that stabilizes videos, also crops it 
- [/u/DeepFryBot](Bots/DeepFryBot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/DeepFryBot) - Deep fries images
- [/u/gifreversingbot](Bots/gifreversingbot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/gifreversingbot) - Reverses a gif in a comment or post
- [/u/morejpeg_auto](Bots/morejpeg_auto.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/morejpeg_auto) - Adds jpeg compression to an image

## Joke Response

- [/u/WololoBot](Bots/WololoBot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/WololoBot) - Responds with a link to [wololobot.herokuapp.com](https://wololobot.herokuapp.com)

## Utility

- [/u/tippr](Bots/tippr.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/tippr) - A Bitcoin Cash tipbot that allows you to reward good content

- [/u/RemindMeBot](Bots/RemindMeBot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/RemindMeBot) - Remind a user about a comment or thread for later use

[extlink]: reddit_icon.png "Link to User"

Commit message:

Add vredditshare/vredditdownloader to Readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="/bot_snoo.png" width="150" alt="Reddit bot list"/>
  <br>
  <br>
</p>
<p align="center">🤖 A list of Reddit bots</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribution guide</a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Reddit Bot List</h1>
  
## Contents

- [Image/GIF/Video manipulation](#imagegifvideo-manipulation)
- [Joke Response](#joke-response)
- [Utility](#utility)

## Image/GIF/Video Manipulation

- [/u/stabbot](Bots/stabbot.md)  [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/stabbot)- A Reddit bot that stabilizes videos
- [/u/stabbot_crop](Bots/stabbot_crop.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/stabbot_crop) - A Reddit bot that stabilizes videos, also crops it 
- [/u/DeepFryBot](Bots/DeepFryBot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/DeepFryBot) - Deep fries images
- [/u/gifreversingbot](Bots/gifreversingbot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/gifreversingbot) - Reverses a gif in a comment or post
- [/u/vredditshare](Bots/gifreversingbot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/vredditshare) - Reuploads Reddit hosted video
- [/u/VredditDownloader](Bots/gifreversingbot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/VredditDownloader) - Provides downloadable links for videos hosted on Reddit
- [/u/morejpeg_auto](Bots/morejpeg_auto.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/morejpeg_auto) - Adds jpeg compression to an image

## Joke Response

- [/u/WololoBot](Bots/WololoBot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/WololoBot) - Responds with a link to [wololobot.herokuapp.com](https://wololobot.herokuapp.com)

## Utility

- [/u/tippr](Bots/tippr.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/tippr) - A Bitcoin Cash tipbot that allows you to reward good content

- [/u/RemindMeBot](Bots/RemindMeBot.md) [![Link to User][extlink]](http://reddit.com/u/RemindMeBot) - Remind a user about a comment or thread for later use

[extlink]: reddit_icon.png "Link to User"
